OrganisersMeetingMinutes20130301

Guy Fraser edited this page Apr 26, 2017 · 1 revision

Agenda can be found at ["DoESMeetingAgenda20130301"]

  • Review of/actions from the last meeting
    • Paperwork - JM - to circulate Cambridge Makespace's paperwork for comment at this meeting
      • Interesting, seems much stricter than we would want, also seems to be a lot of it.
      • ACTION - AM to circulate Nottinghack's paperwork for comment in next meeting.
    • RJ (ideally) to contact our friendly lawyer to see what would be best for a contract to arrange for permanent deskers
      • ACTION - Carry over to next meeting
    • Paperwork for registered office postage TOS
      • RESOLVED - Will arrange paperwork when it's needed, JIT Paperwork
    • AM to arrange meeting with Colin Dyas
      • RESOLVED - AM has met Colin, has considered options which will be discussed later.
  • Financials
  • Financials good, we have enough money in the bank, making enough "profit" each money to afford a new room.
  • Expanding
  • Moving out of Gostins seems too long term, there's no compelling reason to do so right now.
  • We'll take room 14, talk to Gostins about fixing window, put off doing electronic doors for first few months. Use space as new ad-hoc space for overflow/quiet room. Use for events too if we can arrange desk and tables ok.
  • ACTION - JM to talk to Janette
  • Access. Review of electronic access
  • doorbell, remote opening
  • NOOP - No further actions.
  • Hackday http://wiki.doesliverpool.com/HackTheSpace
  • Yes!
  • 18th May
  • Should be a regular feature, quarterly perhaps
  • ACTION - We should review workshop membership, find out how we could get people to come in more often. Offer a cheaper option for out of hours access so that more people come in evenings and weekends.
  • Technician-in-Residence. Review
  • Going well.
  • Should consider a travel allowance for future TiRs.
  • Next TiR should start 7th May, first agreed as 4 months.
  • ACTION - Still need to announce!
  • Funding updates
  • None
  • Potential Future Events
  • PF - Website Hack Day
  • ACTION - PF to arrange
  • PF - Unconference (April/May?)
  • ACTION - PF to arrange, not much progress yet.
  • JM "Girl Geeks BarCamp"?
  • JM has made no progress, putting it on the back burner for now.
  • Would certainly be good to have more Women in Tech events.
  • AM has suggested to Cathy Skelly that ACME should run an event
  • ACTION - AM to fill link in to the event
  • Internet World 2013 update
  • Problems getting wired internet access. Agree that it's worth going if we don't get it, we'll just cope somehow.
  • PF MakerFaire 2013
  • ACTION - PF to select images and text for the poster.
  • ACTION - PF to email list to remind people to get involved.
  • Cleaner
  • ACTION - JM to discuss with Sue in Gostins, aim for 2 hours/fortnight. Morning would be best.
  • Confirm time and date of next meeting
  • Monday April 29th 4-6pm, ["DoESMeetingAgenda20130429"]
  • AOB
Clone this wiki locally
You can’t perform that action at this time.
You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session.
Press h to open a hovercard with more details.